Customer acquisition cost or CAC is used as a metric in
the very last step in our funnel where the customer
has actually bought a product or service on the website.
We use the CAC metric to figure out how much it costs as to acquire a paid customer.
Remember our ultimate goal is to increase these conversions at the bottom of the funnel.
Considering e-commerce, shopping card abandonment rate are well over 60 percent,
each company's goal is to make sure you are getting
higher levels of conversions for the minimum cost of sales and marketing,
this idea is linked to the concept of optimizing the funnel.
We will cover this later in the lesson.
CAC is computed by dividing all the costs
spent on acquiring more customers, marketing expenses,
sales and marketing salaries,
by the number of customers converted to paid customers in the period the money was spent.
A good rule of thumb is that you want your CAC to be 25 percent of the revenue,
the money you earn from all your customers.
Next, you'll perform a sample computation of CAC.